Fix #3056 RouteController shouldDiscard location logic (#3058)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where 'Navigation cancel' event might be not logged. ([#3050](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3050))
* Fixed an issue where offline route calculation might hang up. ([#3040](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3040))
* Fixed the moment of custom feedback event creation. ([#3049](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3049))

> * Fixed `RouterDelegate.router(_:shouldDiscard:)` handling. If you implement this method, you will need to reverse the value you return from this method. Previously, if you returned `true`, the `Router` wouldn't discard the location. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug in `RouterDelegate.router(_:shouldDiscard:)` handling. If you implemented this method, you will need to reverse the value you return. Previously, if you returned `true`, the `Router` wouldn't discard the location. ([#3058](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3058))
```

Author: Thank you for the fix!
